README.md, before:

# steal-gift: _steal_ your AoC's inputs from Santa!

## Quickstart
To quickly get started with a day, you can copy-paste this template:

- `today.ua`
```uiua
~ "git: github.com/amatgil/steal-gift" ~ AoCGet

# ====== INPUTS ======
Input ← AoCGet YEAR DAY

# ====== PART 1 ======
Part₁ ← ∘

# ====== TESTS =======
⍤⤙≍ "testsol1" Part₁ "testcase1"

# ======== RUNNING ========
#$"Part one solution is: '_'" Part₁ Input
```
- `.env`
```sh
session="XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"
cachedInputsPath="/tmp/aoc-inputs" # Any path, may be relative
debug="any text here works!" # Enables information
```

## Usage
**IMPORTANT**: You must place your session cookie and path inside a `.env` file, like such:
```sh
# In .env
session="XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"
cachedInputsPath="/tmp/aoc-inputs" # Any path, may be relative
debug="hello hai :3" # Tells you if it the input was obtained from the server or locally
```

- `session`: Your Advent of Code (since the input changes per person). To get it, log into your account at adventofcode.com and use the DevTools to find it.
- `cachedInputPath`: Where all inputs will be saved. For example, if you choose `/tmp/aoc-inputs`, it'll slowly get populated by `/tmp/aoc-inputs/2024-01.txt`, `/tmp/aoc-inputs/2024-02.txt`, ...
- `debug`: If this variable exists at all, it is taken as "true"; "false" otherwise. If true, it includes prints telling you the source of the input (server or locally).

Then, in your code, you may run:
```sh
Input ← AoCGet 2023 2
```
Which will download day 2, from the year 2023, to `$cachedInputPath/2023-02.txt`.

If you've already got a file with that name, it will be read directly. If not, it will be fetched
and saved under that name, so subsequent calls shall read from it.

Commit message:

Add `contact` to .env, fix date assertions, make code more readable

README.md, after:

# steal-gift: _steal_ your AoC's inputs from Santa!

## Quickstart
To quickly get started with a day, you can copy-paste this template:

- `today.ua`
```uiua
~ "git: github.com/amatgil/steal-gift" ~ AoCGet

# ====== INPUTS ======
Input ← AoCGet YEAR DAY

# ====== PART 1 ======
Part₁ ← ∘

# ====== TESTS =======
⍤⤙≍ "testsol1" Part₁ "testcase1"

# ======== RUNNING ========
#$"Part one solution is: '_'" Part₁ Input
```
- `.env`
```sh
session="XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"
cachedInputsPath="/tmp/aoc-inputs" # Any path, may be relative
debug="any text here works!" # Enables information
contact="youremail@here.com" # As requested by Eric, who runs AoC
```

## Usage
**IMPORTANT**: You must place your session cookie and path inside a `.env` file, like such:
```sh
# In .env
session="XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"
cachedInputsPath="/tmp/aoc-inputs" # Any path, may be relative
debug="hello hai :3" # Tells you if it the input was obtained from the server or locally
contact="youremail@here.com" # As requested by Eric, who runs AoC
```

- `session`: Your Advent of Code (since the input changes per person). To get it, log into your account at adventofcode.com and use the DevTools to find it.
- `cachedInputPath`: Where all inputs will be saved. For example, if you choose `/tmp/aoc-inputs`, it'll slowly get populated by `/tmp/aoc-inputs/2024-01.txt`, `/tmp/aoc-inputs/2024-02.txt`, ...
- `debug`: If this variable exists at all, it is taken as "true"; "false" otherwise. If true, it includes prints telling you the source of the input (server or locally).
- `contact`: Some method to contact you, the user of the library. Eric has requested this, to be able to contact a user in case something goes wrong.

Then, in your code, you may run:
```sh
Input ← AoCGet 2023 2
```
Which will download day 2, from the year 2023, to `$cachedInputPath/2023-02.txt`.

If you've already got a file with that name, it will be read directly. If not, it will be fetched
and saved under that name, so subsequent calls shall read from it.
